[DOC-7831] Document serverless privatelink support (#17461)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/cockroachcloud/create-a-serverless-cluster.md

## Step 3. Select the regions

In the **Regions** section, select a region for the cluster. Refer to [{{ site.data.products.db }} Regions](regions.html) for the regions where {{ site.data.products.serverless }} clusters can be deployed.

To create a multi-region cluster, click **Add regions** and select additional regions. A cluster can have at most six regions.

For optimal performance, select the cloud provider and region nearest to where your SQL clients, applications, or external data are located. For multi-region clusters, CockroachDB will optimize access to data from the [**Primary region**](../{{site.versions["stable"]}}/multiregion-overview.html). Refer to [Plan a {{ site.data.products.serverless }} Cluster](plan-your-cluster-serverless.html#multi-region-clusters) to learn more. To express interest in additional regions, [contact Support](https://support.cockroachlabs.com) or your Cockroach Labs account team.

> After creating a multi-region cluster deployed on AWS, you can optionally [set up AWS PrivateLink](network-authorization.html#aws-privatelink) so that incoming connections to your cluster from applications or services running in your AWS tenant flow over private networks rather than the public internet. For Serverless clusters deployed on GCP, VPC Peering is not yet available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After creating a multi-region cluster deployed on AWS, you can optionally [set up AWS PrivateLink](network-authorization.html#aws-privatelink) so that incoming connections to your cluster from applications or services running in your AWS account flow over private AWS network rather than the public internet. For Serverless clusters deployed on GCP, VPC Peering is not available.
```

Reviewer: May want to indicate limited access for privatelink here too.

> After creating a multi-region cluster deployed on AWS, you can optionally [set up AWS PrivateLink](network-authorization.html#aws-privatelink) so that incoming connections to your cluster from applications or services running in your AWS tenant flow over private networks rather than the public internet. For multi-region clusters deployed on GCP, VPC Peering is not yet available.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After creating a multi-region cluster deployed on AWS, you can optionally [set up AWS PrivateLink](network-authorization.html#aws-privatelink) so that incoming connections to your cluster from applications or services running in your AWS tenant flow over private networks rather than the public internet. For Serverless clusters deployed on GCP, VPC Peering is not yet available.
```

> After creating a multi-region cluster deployed on AWS, you can optionally [set up AWS PrivateLink](network-authorization.html#aws-privatelink) so that incoming connections to your cluster from applications or services running in your AWS tenant flow over private networks rather than the public internet. For multi-region clusters deployed on GCP, VPC Peering is not yet available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After creating a multi-region cluster deployed on AWS, you can optionally [set up AWS PrivateLink](network-authorization.html#aws-privatelink) so that incoming connections to your cluster from applications or services running in your AWS tenant flow over private networks rather than the public internet. For multi-region clusters deployed on GCP, private connectivity is not yet available.
```

To create a multi-region cluster, click **Add regions** and select additional regions. A cluster can have at most six regions.

{{site.data.alerts.callout_info}}
**Multi-region for {{ site.data.products.serverless }} is in [preview](../{{site.versions["stable"]}}/cockroachdb-feature-availability.html)** and subject to change. You cannot currently add or remove regions once a cluster has been created. To share feedback and/or issues, contact [Support](https://support.cockroachlabs.com/).
{{site.data.alerts.end}}

After creating a multi-region cluster deployed on AWS, you can optionally [set up AWS PrivateLink (Limited Access)](network-authorization.html#aws-privatelink) so that incoming connections to your cluster from applications or services running in your AWS account flow over private AWS network infrastructure rather than the public internet.

> Private connectivity is yet available for {{ site.data.products.serverless-plan }} clusters on GCP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Private connectivity is not available for {{ site.data.products.serverless-plan }} clusters on GCP.
```
